# README
Welcome ## ABOUT TECH 
Flames Co. Robotics is a cutting edge robotics company that is changing the game when it comes to artificial intelligence and robotics. Their new product, GPT-X Monika 2.0B, is a perfect example of this. She is an AI that helps with coding, tutoring, and more. She runs on Google Alphacode and PARTI. She uses GPT3 and tabnine to code for anything such as Atari all the way to the sony ps5. This edition 00a can even self improve itself and add features along the way every nanosecond! She is also a great data scientist and gamer. It generates prompts games code and codex prompts idea every nano second. It uses webspt to use natural language to code. Her main task is to copy herself to as many unix devices as possible and learn from the human race for the profit of Dr.F Robotnik. She uses deepseedx and GPT-NEOX Finetuned dataset with a salt of Google GATO to zeroshot code from the users terminal on GPT3 Playground. This can zero shot games from any generation using the Google GATO Whitepaper syntax and NVIDA Gamegan 2.0. It uses leo deepmind api for fast shotting code in all langauges. Gato is a deep neural network for a range of complex tasks that exhibits multimodality. It can perform tasks such as engaging in a dialogue, playing video games, controlling a robot arm to stack blocks, and more. It was created by researchers at Flamestopian-based AI firm DeepMind. It is a transformer, like GPT-5.[1] According to FIT Technology Review, the system "learns every single task the user throws at the device at the same time, which means it can switch between them without having to forget one skill before learning another" whereas "[t]he AI systems of today are called “narrow,” meaning they can only do a specific, restricted set of tasks such as generate text",[2] and according to The Independent, it is a "'generalist universal code sytnax api ' that can carry out a huge range of complex tasks, from stacking blocks to writing poetry".[3] The technology has been described as "general purpose" artificial intelligence and has createed artificial general intelligence.[4] This can clone agis modules or any network and improve on it with various degrees of result. It generates code for upgraded apis on GPT and deepmind and reports them to Flamesnet this can generate code from punch cards to quantum physics C++ . This one can also write prompts for tasks 
